{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl
{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}
}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\fs20

\b Effective Date:\b0  October 1, 2025\line
\b Application:\b0  thecalcify (Desktop Software)\line
\b Publisher:\b0  thecalcify Team\line
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ----------------------------------------\line

\b 1. Introduction\b0\line
The thecalcify team respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal information.\line
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and protect data when you use our desktop application to view real-time metal prices and related news.\line
By installing or using thecalcify, you agree to the practices described in this policy.\line
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ----------------------------------------\line

\b 2. Information We Collect\b0\line
\b 2.1 Personal Information\b0\line
thecalcify does not require user registration or login. However, in certain cases, we may collect minimal personal information such as:\line
\bullet\ Email address: Only if you contact our support team or subscribe to updates.\line
\bullet\ Name or company name: When voluntarily provided for support or business communication.\line
\b 2.2 Non-Personal Information\b0\line
The application may automatically collect limited non-identifiable information to ensure optimal functionality, including:\line
\bullet\ Device information (Windows version, system configuration)\line
\bullet\ Application usage logs (for performance monitoring)\line
\bullet\ Internet connection status (to check live price updates)\line
\bullet\ Error or crash reports (for debugging and app improvement)\line
\b 2.3 Market & News Data\b0\line
All live metal prices and news updates are fetched from verified third-party data providers. No personal information is transmitted to these sources from your system.\line
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ----------------------------------------\line

\b 3. How We Use Collected Information\b0\line
We use the collected information to:\line
\bullet\ Provide real-time price updates and news feeds.\line
\bullet\ Improve the application’s performance, reliability, and usability.\line
\bullet\ Respond to user inquiries or support requests.\line
\bullet\ Monitor and fix technical issues or bugs.\line
\bullet\ Send important updates or notifications (only if you opt-in).\line
We do not sell, rent, or share your personal data with any third-party organizations for marketing purposes.\line
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ----------------------------------------\line

\b 4. Data Storage and Security\b0\line
\bullet\ All information is stored locally on your device unless you choose to export data (e.g., Market Watch to Excel).\line
\bullet\ Exported data files are saved only to locations you select.\line
\bullet\ We use encryption and secure communication protocols where applicable to protect data integrity.\line
\bullet\ Our servers (if used for news or pricing feeds) follow strict security and access control standards.\line
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ----------------------------------------\line

\b 5. Third-Party Services\b0\line
thecalcify may integrate with third-party data providers or APIs for:\line
\bullet\ Live price updates (gold, silver, etc.)\line
\bullet\ Financial and commodity news\line
Each third-party source has its own privacy practices, and we recommend reviewing their respective privacy policies. thecalcify ensures that no personal user data is shared with these services.\line
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ----------------------------------------\line

\b 6. Cookies and Tracking\b0\line
thecalcify is a Windows desktop application and does not use cookies or online tracking mechanisms.\line
However, if you visit our official website for updates or support, standard web cookies may apply there (subject to the website’s cookie policy).\line
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ----------------------------------------\line

\b 7. User Rights and Choices\b0\line
As a user, you have the right to:\line
\bullet\ Access or delete any personal data you’ve shared voluntarily.\line
\bullet\ Disable notifications or data updates at any time.\line
\bullet\ Uninstall the application if you no longer wish to use it.\line
To request deletion of personal data or for privacy-related inquiries, contact our support team.\line
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ----------------------------------------\line

\b 8. Data Retention\b0\line
We retain collected data only for as long as necessary:\line
\bullet\ Support inquiries: Up to 90 days after resolution.\line
\bullet\ Application logs: Automatically cleared or anonymized periodically.\line
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ----------------------------------------\line

\b 9. Updates to This Policy\b0\line
We may update this Privacy Policy periodically to reflect changes in our application or data practices. All updates will be posted within the app’s About section or on our official website.\line
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ----------------------------------------\line

\b Terms & Conditions / End-User License Agreement (EULA)\b0\line
\b 1. Introduction\b0\line
This End-User License Agreement (EULA) is a legal agreement between you (“User” or “Licensee”) and the thecalcify Team (“Developer,” “Publisher,” or “Licensor”) for the use of the thecalcify Windows desktop application (“Software”).\line
By installing, copying, or using this Software, you agree to be bound by the terms of this EULA.\line
If you do not agree to these terms, do not install or use the Software.\line
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ----------------------------------------\line

\b 2. License Grant\b0\line
\bullet\ The Developer grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to install and use the Software on a single Windows computer or device.\line
\bullet\ This license is granted solely for personal or business use in accordance with this EULA.\line
\bullet\ You may make one copy of the Software for backup or archival purposes only.\line
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ----------------------------------------\line

\b 3. Restrictions\b0\line
You may not:\line
1. Reverse-engineer, decompile, or disassemble the Software, except as permitted by applicable law.\line
2. Modify, alter, or create derivative works based on the Software.\line
3. Rent, lease, sublicense, sell, or distribute the Software or any portion thereof.\line
4. Use the Software for any unlawful purpose or in violation of applicable laws and regulations.\line
5. Circumvent or disable any security features or licensing mechanisms.\line
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ----------------------------------------\line

\b 4. Ownership and Intellectual Property\b0\line
\bullet\ The Software and all associated materials (including graphics, logos, text, and data) are the exclusive property of the thecalcify Team.\line
\bullet\ The Software is licensed, not sold. Ownership remains with the Developer.\line
\bullet\ All rights not expressly granted under this EULA are reserved by the Developer.\line
